Sports occupies a vital role in our lives. It keeps us fit, healthy and makes us active. The secret to having a healthy and positive lifestyle is to have a positive mind and body. Sports is one such activity which helps us in maintaining a proper physique and a positive mentality.

Apart from keeping a healthy body and mind, sports also helps us in alerting our senses, keeps us aware and an undaunting personality and outlook on life. Hence, sports has a multi-faceted role in our lives. Students in schools are asked to write essays on the topic of sports for their exams and assignments. For their convenience, we have provided sample essays on the subject.

You can read more Essay Writing about articles, events, people, sports, technology many more.Essay on Sports | Sports Essay for Students and Children in English
June 12, 2020 by Prasanna

Essay on Sports: Sports occupies a vital role in our lives. It keeps us fit, healthy and makes us active. The secret to having a healthy and positive lifestyle is to have a positive mind and body. Sports is one such activity which helps us in maintaining a proper physique and a positive mentality.

Apart from keeping a healthy body and mind, sports also helps us in alerting our senses, keeps us aware and an undaunting personality and outlook on life. Hence, sports has a multi-faceted role in our lives. Students in schools are asked to write essays on the topic of sports for their exams and assignments. For their convenience, we have provided sample essays on the subject.

You can read more Essay Writing about articles, events, people, sports, technology many more.

Long and Short Essays on Sports for Students and Kids in English
One extended essay on sports, one short essay on sports and ten lines on the topic of sports essay have been provided further. The extended essay is of 450-500 words and the short one of 100-150 words. The long sports essay is for students studying in classes 1, 2, 3, 4, 5 and 6. The short sports essay is for students in grades 7, 8, 9 and 10.

